## License

Copyright (c) 2026, Erik Burman, Marvin Knöller, Lauri Oksanen and Andreas Rupp

This software is released under GNU General Public License, Version 3.
The full license text is provided in the file LICENSE included in this repository 
or can be obtained from http://www.gnu.org/licenses/

## Content of this project

This is a guide to generate the figures that have been used in the work

**„Convergence Analysis for the Recovery of the Friction Threshold in a Scalar Tresca Model“**

_By Erik Burman, Marvin Knöller, Lauri Oksanen and Andreas Rupp._

You find all the needed Python and Matlab files in the provided project.

## An overview
Our work features 4 numerical examples. 
Numerical example 1 is at the end of section 3.
Numerical example 2 is Example 1 of section 6.
Numerical example 3 is Example 2 of section 6 with noiseless data.
Numerical example 4 is Example 2 of section 6 with noisy data.

The numerical example j can be reproduced by running 'Example'+j+*'.py'.
Subsequently, the Matlab script 'Example'+j+*'.m' can be run. The Matlab scripts are used for plotting only. 

# A short explanation of the scripts

All **.py** files hold descriptions. In particular, all Python defs are described in detail.

The folder precomputed_files includes all the precomputed results that we computed in order to generate Figures 2,3 and 4.
These are the files that are generated by running 'Example'+j+*'.py' for j = 1,...,4

## Requirements and additional information
The Python scripts have been computed with the following (most relevant) packages and versions:
- numpy: 2.2.6
- dolfinx: 0.10.0 (see in particular https://fenicsproject.org)
- ufl: 2025.2.0
- petsc4py: 3.24.1
